and where were you born? Boston Disease, and what neighborhood Congress?
I Congress Height, where's that street southeast.
Have you lived in any other neighborhoods? Have you lived anywhere else?
Besides Dc. Pennsylvania for Hello.
4 year cool. Currently, you are senior. No. Or did you graduate?
Where did you go to school, and so what are your planes now i'm going to press a T.
And then we'll start out nonprofit program called Big Brother.
And what is Big brother, or what do you want it to be?
Basically from ages 6 to 25 call a young black man shouldn't go to the streets for a science first track.
Basically a that's all about you'll be at the makeup for 6 days.
Team 18 to be a mental, so it's kind of a full cycle.
I'm gonna clip this here so I can turn your volume up and want to you in college who are trying to do a scholarship for a as long as you still participate.
Program. And how do you? Where do you think you're going to get your your gas from?
You want to do it in the Dc. area? you want to go, Then what is your What are your parents?
Do my mind pretty far, and my dad is a maintenance worker.
And where were they born? Boston dc my boy my mom lost me I think i'm dead.
We'll see how this goes. We may have to move just because of the if I can pick you up, I think it's picking you up by, though.
Tell me a little bit about Congress heights your family your neighborhood basically, as you today, kind of size as long as mouth.
I'll say 3 weeks we are lost 2 we have 2 Killings there now, but grown up.
The cars are Elibis fun. It was difficult. still.
A neighborhood against neighborhoods. beef and my parents grew up around this, so I was safe, but I wasn't safe. I had the M.
For the street likes for 14, because of the situation that happened around there.
My grandmother, those alcoholics clean. Now, my mom, raise us!
Raise me in my 3 brothers, the single parent. Monday I was locked up for 7 years.
Are you the youngest oldest you're the oldest so how old are your brother's?
He's 12 and then that's 2 is there 3 of you total.
Yeah. Oh, okay, I was added 4 I don't know what I was at.
So do you think, especially in this neighborhood? You said that there was just a lot going on, but that was the neighborhood.
Your parents grew up in. How do you feel like being a young black man? and seeing kind of this this neighborhood, and all this going on around you?
I'm skiing Cousin got killed in front of my house.
Start 7 times. all who got killed same please it's hard growing up around there.
You we don't know what's going to happen not the day of day.
Every person, you see, that would say, be safe before they have a conversation.
Why do you feel like that the way our generation is more the streets and peer pressure that gets to a lot of us like when I talk to my grandfather about it?
What's happening back when they used to be kids that neighborhood used to watch watch you.
Some Ios park can get on and Now it's not like that if somebody was firing it to you another alteration that's trying to solve their first officers.
Do you think that your mom had it really rough? She moved out.
My grandmother 8 to 14 kind of pregnant with me at 16.
So it was. She had a house. and she still do I just want to help her now, Because i'm old enough to understand what's going on now. held my new brothers.
That's why I want to start this program. are you the first one in your family to graduate from high school.
Oh, no, my! My My cousin graduated this year.
Oh, okay, good, cool, but rather like you're you're neither your mom or dad graduated from high school.
Now, are you going to college? Not as of right now, but I hope you want to do it. T.
And then what do you want to do specifically because that's a big field?
Don't worry and do everything I mean computers is a good job.
You're always going to have a job that's technology is really booming in the school.
I was going I was in the computer science class, so I learned how to do coding.
So let me ask you a couple different questions kind of based on that thinking about.
Have you. So you haven't really lived anywhere else outside of Congress heights.
But you've traveled to other neighborhoods and then you've gone to.
So tell me, what do you see that's different from where you live versus some of the other neighborhoods?
Do you see a difference? Are you allowed to go into other neighborhoods it's different.
But it's still the same with that the environment different the way a look is different, but in general it's still the same.
You still have to watch over your show people you grew up with. You still got to be careful.
Your friends is Dc. is a cycle. How things going to break!
What do you mean if you grow up with somebody you are getting taught, or if you were more successful than you had to watch out, maybe they might try and rob you, or they probably try curie stuff like that.
Like. I don't think that cycles want to break because everybody wants the same gold when nobody was trying to reach it.
So, do you see, I want to talk about your high school in a minute, because I've heard some interesting stories about.
But do you see our turf for is real. Do you see that happening, King?
You tell me a little bit about it. dis neighbor I guess Parkland is be from with a herd that's literally right down the street.
20 s audiences of freedom is the boys and girls field.
In these row houses, townhouses other than that is basically nothing that's separated And what happens you get jumped.
You just shout it, or you get wrong there's a lot of stuff coming.
I heard people got kidnapped. just so. How do people come like and do?
We have kids here at this club from both neighborhoods?
Or is it mostly one neighborhood? Is it parkland, or 20?
Second is some is majority parkland. but these people from my neighborhood come down here, and my cousin she's from. she don't really claim that that she, the fours girl she comes down here it's like a
mixture I say limit like Go on arnold's office, is there for you to see it different because it's a lot of things that separate neighborhoods. I don't live out there. mostly I don't know what happens
but when I got there it's like you feel more safe being dropped off at your house, or we're gonna need to warn our life. By the way, if I yelled the car stuff like that, and do you see that often like
people are just in fear when you're in fear or when you scare, you do think that you lose the one do.
I saw people who kept putting all their life in. Now they carry guns.
They're just being scared and so okay let me back up.
So. Do you feel like it was a time personally were like Oh, my God, i'm going to die like something's going to happen to me right now.
Can you tell me about it? Say, beginning in the sometime we have some saying people just, I said, trump like a flashlight.
Just die left and right or think. Oh, well, if I get locked up for being in the wrong place at the wrong time, I hang with the wrong people.
Yes, I really come down here to get away from everything That's why I got people down here I can talk to.
That's really my program is of my own life if we don't.
It'll say for home, or if you have something going on at home that you really don't want to talk about, and you have someone to talk to.
How did you? How did you start coming here? How did you start coming to the Boys and Girls Club?
I had a you practice down here I used to still i'm gonna come down here. I'm gonna come down here and stay.
So one day he locked me out the gym and he made me call my mom and savvy up for me to come down here, and ever since that day I haven't coming down the one was that I said like 3 years
ago. Ok. so you've been coming down here for that long and what do you feel like?
Has been so you've Had lots of experiences in those 3 years.
What do you think has been the most influential or the best experience? You've had my senior year because I had a lot had a lot more opportunities.
The 3 years has been a way different change. The first year I was really, and basketball I was kind of hanging outside later than what I usually do.
The second year you become now a my grace i'll even better 30 like my crazy.
I bet I went more opportunities. my mind said changed as when I had 18 as a when I was younger, 14 between 14 and 18, i'm a totally different person.
What do you think? Changed it, I say, meek and tired of it like, Say, my cousin, a lotta home.
We get locked up. we'll come down here we'll just come down here for you.
See how happy the case is when you see me. It is saying so.
I heard you went to this program last week. Tell me a little bit about it.
How did you get the opportunity? How did you get into the program?
Tell me about the program. A local. He was going to the program.
Eggs me do. I want to go to the program. right yeah, sure, but I didn't know who's going to be gone own way as they decided that it was a one-day. thing.
So what did it was known for me and dressed in business casualties?
I'm not used to dressing up so what happened how'd you dress.
It was like like I dressed like that. I like. I like it Now I can go to a store and like oh, I come back and buy this.
But the program is basically it's a leadership program about to turn like what you want to do.
Stop or not stop you start with in your community like if you've got a dirt cloud.
Have rate, they don't even what steps you can do initially important people like I met a lot of Democrats and Republicans.
So it really changed it. Well, Congress has the highest that they so they it's different telling you is different from people.
Tell me what They've been through you see how the year is now What do you think was the most touching story that you heard at the program?
I'll say test where I had was he was the curiosity, that I met because he was architect.
No, not an architect. I forgot what was called Oh, entrepreneur. he's an entrepreneur, and he said he made his first ability to run this company in 6 months, you said like last last month.
They be 14,000,000. I was like yes, i'm not used to hand those numbers.
So it was like noon. I was like basically your millionaire.
You can be doing something important a week, something you can be anywhere else which we decided to talk to us. Not really.
This change because you felt like he cared about your situation and what you were doing.
Do you think that that something that you can do can change kind of your neighborhood, and can change how people look at you, and how people receive you, even though you're still young?
Yeah, I said. My name is, I know a lot of people know a lot of older people because my family enjoyed money.
I can get it. you've been started and I came out and since I'm.
From the young age I can get a lot of might be buying with you to come out and bring their friends.
It just i'll say comments like growing up there is It's a good thing that can do a program will do something that a lot of people do That's a bad thing, because I have to watch my back constantly it does anything
about, so I don't how how early did you feel like you had to kind of watch your back like how old were you when you realized like dang, I got to check it. Make sure nobody don't roll up on me twitter what happened when you
were 12. my first time i'm getting jumped from being from me and my best friend walking from Congress High Station going on the metro station.
Yeah, you Didn't get jumped being from and like some guys just came and like just was like, Do you guys way out from just a large Cp.
Was a kind of sites, and it was like, oh, we beef with them the Egyptians like they rob you, or they did to beat you up to go see a phone.
He was 12, and they had a been at least like 16.
He was the 2 of you guys and how many of them so That's when we had. Yes, when we started hanging out with old people like, Maybe we hanging this or a crowd it won't happen again.
You can see. So so Ok. so now where'd you go from elementary middle. and then we'll talk about high school.
You went to Ok. Where is it I'll say you know what I knew Eagle Academy at that sounds familiar, I think so.
Well, it was old Magani will that was a Somerset.
It's a middle school now, Governor of davis the elementary school, and I went there.
Kenny 9, 6, my middle school i'm a jeopardy, which is a way of self-rest.
Yeah, yeah, high school. So tell me about how was like are there a lot of because it's not just people from southeast south.
It's a lot of people from everywhere. I was like I knew people going there.
So I was okay, and i'm He was person it didn't matter which neighborhood I was in.
They knew me that they would say, Oh, not with them live light, even though he from the neighborhood. They know i'm not going to do nothing, because I want better for myself.
This year I met a freshman dead from neighborhood that my neighbor don't like, but they looked at me, and it was like, oh, he not do that.
He's not going to be that person but I always had to show I didn't have to show them.
But they knew that if you come at me a certain way i'm going to protect myself, did you see a lot of gangs and stuff at the school.
Yeah. but in school of it really was like a neighborhood somewhere else.
When they were so we segregated by neighborhoods but some people from one neighborhood like i'd be from neighborhood, and i'm friends with.
True, so that's not going to happen in school if it happened outside of school.
It's different, but in school like we'd be cool we play basketball.
I play basketball, keeping me from neighborhoods.
That would be years ago. They still have an opportunity by school on the court.
It was not like that playing basketball it wasn't like Oh, if you touch me the wrong way, we're gonna fight it wasn't like it.
What was your favorite subject in school? My favorite subject is history.
Why, I don't know it like like here in the history of about how far Dc.
Came, and just how the world will change so what do you think Ok.
That's interesting that you talk about how dc what you learn about Dc.
Culture that you thought was interesting. It was like how dz change over time.
Problem being dirt rose to this gravel now and it's just how it changed from trial horses encourages to like how the house is worse.
The first landlines was connected. It just it's different because you they rutil my story. I can imagine it.
I can see it. And now, if I look at it now it's different.
That's what I like with it. about case 3 Do you feel a certain pride about Dc.
Like this is my city house. They Why not? Because if you come to Dc.
Like from the different places like Oh, Dc. is like where the governor's at and all that President didn't you actually see Dc.
Go over on the Neighborhoods i'm not just not talking about on the Dc.
Maryland, Dc. If you go to a neighborhood You're like Oh, I don't want to be in Dc.
I know people who came from New York, and it was cost We came down here, friends that I know play basketball with.
I think when you come back to Dc.
Never come back here again, and we stayed on. My My friend did over my house for a weekend.
It was like I can do it. Wow! here is so much you he heard here people every day, so people get started all in a matter of through these.
He's saw a lot with our face in 3 days and That's what you do with every day.
So how do you stay positive? How do you stay strong in that?
Because that seems really hard like it's hard to see like your friends getting killed, or drugs, or whatever you see every day.
Think, my little brother's like the faster I read my goals. the fact that they can get out as you can call it given Won't let me.
You have. I thought about doing something stupid? He put this for the matter real quick, like, Why do you respect him so much?
Because house I respect him a lot, because it just he won't downtalk.
You like. Say, if I just came from fighting i'm now, here, Latello, he would talk together to talk to you about show that is now good.
If it comes down to it, if you had to protect yourself it's different.
But now, like I got an alteration a couple of days ago, and you're just like That's not because people don't fight with their hands.
No more people when you shot or you would stand that's Why, I respect him, and he's dead don't matter what you've been to you can feel at home.
How's he you might not think of like Oh, I can't talk because he won't tell someone about it.
But it's not that would you tell them this confidential that's our respecting because it's a lot of people who need people like that in the world.
Not a lot of people you can do that too you can't talk to.
I can talk to my little cousin, too. Oh, yeah I didn't know that was my cous when I first came down.
But now I could talk there. you know she's not a little cousin.
She went to a more outside educational experience that I have been so.
I can talk a bit about the streets, and would not do what she could talk to me about school and what to do. right.
So you'll kind of share information or exchange information What do you feel like? It's a piece of advice you gave her , to protect yourself because it's real yeah She had an incident where she actually got coming down
here, and I know how our family is. First this came down ready to fight her.
Mom did it just not, and we had and myself had to calm them down and tell them They called me down for a little.
Tell them It's going to be a Never problem because they know how she looked in the yoga around there with her different thing.
But now I love to protect yourself at all times you see a group of people coming, or you see something that's about to be planned.
I just find the quicks way to get out of the situation.
How did you feel when you graduated from high school reliever?
A lot of we came on for my children, but now with a bad young man who won be successful.
It's a whole different again. because I don't have first of all, I got friends away to go back from my stove it just it was different.
Do you work now? No, but I mean look for jobs now? as a minor I'm doing Syp some of you employment right now.
But also look what do you want to kind of what do you want to work in now, like if you can get into it now, or you want to try it into it now, or you want to try something else before you do that I won't
work, and so much intend to add tea. So you just want to kind of get any kind of job just to kind of bring some money in?
Are you still staying at home , let's go That's you got that support system.
How does your mom feel when she saw you graduate She was happy See, I'm the first one to come out the house?
I will be very to week. And what about your little brothers?
They made me cry they like i'm proud of you all that? Do you remember so thinking back because it's about six-year gap between you and your youngest brother or your younger. brother.
What did you do as a child Do you remember did you jump rope, Pop! Scotch?
Well, I guess that's more girls than Did you do Jacks basketball or sports in general, and you just rough the game.
And how'd you get into that? is that just something you do for the little kid?
How did you get into being a ref basically what that would like There's more healthy kids out doing, and if you tell me, take the kids outside.
It can be 90 degrees. I would complain, but I would still do it.
They just like whatever benefits the kid that's what I do, and basketball is a lot of people way out of problems at home will suppose for you.
Hmm! do you think? do you think you see some of these little kids?
And you think about yourself when you like Oh, I remember I wish I had boys and girls Club. Yeah, when I was young, I wasn't here. I didn't even know this existed.
But now i'm saying a lot of people a lot of kids here, maybe 80 years of his life.
They need guidance the nail because they get older.
Your attitude is going to get worse. the streets going grab you because your attitude is for us. that's going to be your first option, because if you get into with your mama, she puts you out on the way, you have raised the
streets. So I say, a lot of kids here need to a lot of teams here to get their life , the gamma.
I know what they want to do, and change your feel at a young age.
So you said your dad was locked up for what? 7 years?
So what kind of relationship do you have with your dad? Right now?
I live with my dad. So it was like we have a ball, because I can understand why he was locked up.
But I still Don't feed their purpose that you was normal life. some years it's like you wanted to revive us, but you did it.
The wrong way. Was it drugs? Do you see that often in like?
Do you see that as a kind of a lot in your neighborhood, or even just around Dcdc drugs, as a big, basically is a big thing, because a lot of people you hang around with say, like a story my father told me it
was like. One day Hi got into. He was like one day his best friend.
A $1,000. You want to eat 14 or $200,000 like I was on a read or something correct.
7 different drugs. i'm sorry Oh, I might have a child so, and her hurry up and get money that's what he failed to now?
And how long did he do that till hours? And what what message?
If you could leave one message to your little brothers, or to some of the kids here, or even people your age, what would you say to them?
What would that message be? chase your dreams early don't let nobody hold you back?
Why give your skin what you want to do? If you want to go to a specific college, I, a drained go.
The matter is as close or far after Lucy. This to your friends, because I hindered they that was the only person.
Only people that school care about you is to your family, and just chase your dreams like chase.
What? you, because none is handed to you take It so let's talk a little bit about your family.
I know you talked about your brothers and your mom and your dad.
Do you have other family here? Oh, goals on, of course.
Lot of cousins. do you all get together regularly like?
Do I watch the basketball games together or they'll be like Sunday dinner.
My 2 uncles on my mom's one mom was living in Pennsylvania, and when I was never Delaware.
So i'm at least, where were my aunts she lived in my mom's neighborhood.
Are you once in a while, I say, like every weekend or I mean, we can relax it together.
And my grandmother also just talk find out what's the problem and stuff like that.
We do have some social media and stuff like keep contact in what's your favorite social media site Instagram.
Why? Because most of my family put the pages of my cousins on this Dr.
Sam, even though I ain't met him yet I can see him What do you think?
, So you have Ok. So y'all get together? y'all just talk.
Where does your grandma live? And then he's right across you from a mom?
Oh, okay, in the same neighborhood. Ok. So now you live with your dad in Congress House.
Where is your mom? Oh, your dad lives in the neighborhood.
So Ok, wait a minute that that's also different right If you so are you there all the time?
Are you with your mom? How you split time mostly here?
Then I would find to go home for a while Oh, i'll probably go to my little brows to have my mom out, so i'm not.
It's like even think maybe one place more than that is it different when you go to your dad's name like How is that?
Because you're not from that area. it's more it's quiet because I went around it when I was little, so I was not little, but I know a lot of people, there, too.
So I was not like. Oh, he knew he had a new face on that new face with his that i'm a cool person like i'm not because that's not where I came I came to live my life in get through my life
Well, some no social media about Dc: It was like Dc.
Is like you don't live your life God this part of your life.
You can't just walk around the neighborhood you can't just go any way you want to.
When you see you. Oh, I can't go in the neighborhood to certain things like you had to be aware 24, having even in even you in your house, rather be aware.
Do you feel like that's true yes even when you're at home.
You don't even feel safe. No cause a lot of things straightforward is a breaking the inner and stuff like that.
You still got to be aware, like one time so much i'll bring in my granddaughter's house.
That's how serious it is and this happened this is not anything out of an ordinary like this could happen any random Tuesday, and then you have to change up your schedule.
If they know you get off a certain time you have to make sure someone in your house you can't just leave your life.
You can't just go out of town we come up and think you're going to come home and take your stuff going to be there that you probably come home and your stuff is not why do you feel like it's like Ok, I
know we're not so we're going to move off of that.
But that's just so interesting to me like to hear you say this because this is not something you just started noticing either.
I'm sure you've noticed this all your life Well I want to say that running that happened around my dad and my grandfather was named is you and what's what's his neighborhood.
20 first Ok. that's oh that's the northeast Ok.
Ok. a whole building. Well, I mean the water main water pipes messed up, and they had to shut the beer down and moving was coming like, even though there's no way that has changed on the door in locks.
They was bringing the locks and going to people house, taking things.
So now think about how to city I don't know if you notice, or if you see how the city is changing because you're still fairly young.
But this used to be chocolate city and Now, if you get out of war 7 and 8.
It's very different like a street no no these side is way different in the daytime.
You see, crackade there's some people honey that night is I say often that there's no really black people, and there's only the only person I see black people is to really stand there from the poppies and those are crackdowns or
home. Chief asked me fool. that's the only time and why do you think that's the case, or do you see that anywhere else we go all right into a Now I know what i'll say it's like that on history.
Because i'll see, but i'm not going to speak very black but as me, i'll say as in my range on my age range.
What I see is black Kids fear white people I would say from my opinion.
That's what we feel, because on history like you can see a lot of teams. and when that's like time of your dog, you will be around the neighborhood and be at the party somewhere, Yeah, that's known to we're
not going to be wrong in the streets. do you feel like you said Black people fear the white teens or the black teens feel black teens, fear white adults.
Do you feel like a lot. of that's because of what's happening in the police and stuff there's a lot of things happening.
So they're like, Oh, i'm not trying to be in that particular man. Or maybe if it's a group of black kids walking like angular samples or Google black kids moving on a street is all white people they go like they're gonna
feel there's not even a city anymore. don't feel like there's going the way their environment is is when they want to do something stupid.
I know that's rob him. because you got the new afro like That's obvious.
That's why see black kid black teens feel like people, because I think they're jealous of being like, not success.
They're more successful than that. So let's let's move away for that, for a second.
What's your favorite book or your favorite Tv show and Why, I like the lands.
I say I was mtv obt. I like to light for that.
Do you have a favorite show on either of those channels?
So ridiculousness. That video is like, basically like they showed videos from Youtube It was funny.
And they talked about them stuff like that. What do you think?
Where you said about going out. Do you listen to Gova music?
No, why not just that music Isn't it's not Why not?
That's very interesting is just Jo my music to me is like like my favorite.
One of my favorite arts is life, genetics see you talk about what you've been through.
You know he is now like one of my songs it's made up my mind.
They talk about how church people talk about people, and they do the same thing. I like O. R.
And B. Sam cook boys and men and stuff like that. Ok, trying to be like ninetys trying to be early.
2,000, So no go. go. What about mumble?
Sauce that's a very dc thing right you can't get that anywhere else.
Tell me about? where is your favorite place to get your mumble sauce?
Just any carry out any carrier. So how do you order?
What do you order when you get? How do you order it?
If I was trying to go and order me some it's basically a topping. you want chicken.
You're like kind of chicken with mormon's hours, or you want some fries like the moment. So i'll turn it into the second topic.
Basically, do you have a favorite carry out, or just any of them?
And then let me ask you this: do you feel like there's anything other than like mumble sauce and gogo that make Dc unique.
Yeah, what teens like It's a lot of talent to teams with gifts, but they don't know how to use them.
Hmm. I know people will get the same into our number.
I did just sing, but when It's time for them if I see you sing from maybe sha like Oh, maybe I don't sound right to you, because Dc.
A lot of people like after, as though a lot of people want to judge you, no matter what she is, you're going to be successfully right.
Look at how big he's successful but eternity he's successful.
But you have one He you don't have any parents like whatever you do. somebody's still going to judge you without this.
It's desperate my generation fear They can say I won't let nobody get to me.
I do what I want to you to and you don't know it.
What I heard that, and I didn't I didn't get to here.
I didn't get any details, but I heard you gave some great speech?
What'd you talk about isn't it basically my life like what I've been through basically, how I got to right now.
So. can you give me a little bit? Can you tell me?
Because it was what 2, 3 min long. So if I was sitting in the audience. Can you give me the speech, or what you remember It don't have to be exact word for word is basically to burst Chinese my mom, my son, days, without even just for us, to
eat been in the situation. I carried on before. try to say we just prefer for my little brothers, and that's the net.
What I'm going to be, and to show you the program I was in.
Thank you. Lead this program. Give me an opportunity to do to B some.
I, because without being me being right here out with my friends anytime of night, or playing basketball all day one day I'm gonna do this, or it's not a set playing, But let's go this way if only I had to do them
ago That's what i'd like to be down here because i'm not I'm never sitting around it's about it. There's a lot of commotion around here.
Besides basketball, so I know that's a big thing What else do you do for fun?
I pay chess. I don't pay chess How long are you played chess for a long time.
How'd you learn to play chess, old mental he just was one.
He took the chessboard I was saying we're gonna play chess.
No, we was playing this class like that's not how you play He was teaching the whole class like this is a pawn.
The King Queen Night, and he used it as of power it's like those black people are pause in this every step we take.
By the way, about something getting taken away you can use the book as maybe you can move forward in life or you can move back.
It's like decaying a queen like a queen is basically your own.
You can move any way you want to. A lot of other people jump in.
Other people think that they're kings and queens but they're really pause, that's what the user does, and it show me that's what I need to read and you reach the highest level. If I can move.
In takeaway that's really interesting I don't think i've heard it quite like that before.
? What else do you do that's pretty much it do you think there's something like that?
I haven't asked you that you were like Oh, I should tell her about that.
Oh, another hobby! I like to swim. Pagoda is home.
Find grandma. One day we went to the pool also.
Kalana as you just threw me in that was like swim, and I hadn't learned how old were you like my guy.
That's right, she just said. go in there do it and you've been swimming ever since.
I think she'd do me an individual like and then it is just you.
Nobody else can't be about you how about yourself and that's how I turkey like?
Oh, maybe me screaming is not going out. Maybe I gotta slow down and think what I gotta do Is your grandmother still a lot?
She pays from bench to she passed what'd you say she pays from the streets with I don't remember I can't put rest in the piece because she's not known gotcha and is there any other
thing you want to that you can think about. I believe one message for people.
I hate Find some that you would like. Something is different from everybody else, because a trend is easy to set.